Add blog post on State of Trino talk at Trino Summit (#371)
trinodb/trino.io: _posts/2022-11-16-trino-summit-keynote-recap.md

---
layout: post

> title: "Trino Summit recap: keynote and the state of Trino"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Trino Summit 2022 recap: The state of Trino"
```

author: "Martin Traverso, Dain Sundstrom, David Phillips, Cole Bowden"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
image: /assets/blog/trino-summit-2022/keynote-header.jpg
---

> Welcome to the first in a series of posts recapping everything interesting that
> went down at the 2022 Trino Summit! There is a post being published each day, so
> stay tuned for more as the next couple week go on. To kick the summit off, we 
> heard from Trino co-creators Martin Traverso, Dain Sundstrom, and David
> Phillips. Martin gave a talk on the state of Trino and project plans for 2023,
> then opened the floor to questions from the community. Check out the recording
> of the talk below, or read on if you're only interested in the highlights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the first in a series of posts recapping everything interesting that
went down at the 2022 Trino Summit! There is a post being published for each
session, so stay tuned for more in the next couple of weeks. To kick the summit
off, we heard from Trino co-creators Martin Traverso, Dain Sundstrom, and
David Phillips. Martin gave a talk on the state of Trino and project plans for
2023, then opened the floor to questions from the community. Check out the
recording of the talk below, or read on if you're only interested in the highlights.
```

> || -- embed YouTube video here -- ||

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% youtube mUq_h3oArp4 %}
```
